I am a problem-solver and DevOps engineer to the core and by heart. I love using my resourcefulness and creativity to solve any kind of problem whether it be Linux infrastructure related, Python, Cloud, automation, social (human behavior is SO interesting!), or even carefully placing almost undetectable amounts of tape on my windshield to temporarily prevent a chip on the glass from spreading. I really enjoy collaboration work, open and thorough communication, authentic connection, and highlighting/leveraging strengths within members of my team. 

I worked as an elementary school teacher for 2 years right after college, then I decided to switch careers and study computer science at the University of Texas. My first job in tech was at Hostgator helping people with all their web hosting needs. I learned how to manage servers, help people with FTP issues, domain registrars, DNS, networking, basic php or html troubleshooting, and wordpress issues. After six months of working there as a technician, I applied for the corporate trainer role. My background in teaching gave me an edge above all the other applicants and I got the job! While I was training people on how to serve as web host technicians, I discovered my attraction for Linux and troubleshooting security issues. I was fully immersed in learning Linux for a few months before I got hired at Rackspace as a SysAdmin. I spent 4.5 years learning more about RedHat/Centos, Ubuntu/Debian systems, on-prem, virtual, cloud, networking, security, bash scripting, Ansible playbooks, and eventually automation. 

I am the proud momma of a 4lb teacup Yorkie named Lexie. Lexie and I moved to Sunnyvale from Austin,TX when I accepted the offer to come work as a DevOps engineer for Taos in the San Jose,CA office. I decided to make the move to Silicon Valley as a leap of faith, looking for a deeper level of fulfillment in life, learning more about myself and tech, focusing on living my best life and working hard to become a better version of myself every day. My hobbies include: making people laugh (LOVE comedy!), discovering new food or entertainment places here in the bay, traveling (near or far), Salsa dancing, learning more about passive income investments/tools and the stock market, fun Python projects with my friends, movies/art galleries/broadway shows or plays, and spending quality time with my friends and family.  
